 Accessibility:  Accessibility in HTML refers to the practice of designing and 
 coding web content in a way that ensures it can be easily accessed, understood, 
 and interacted with by people of diverse abilities, including those with disabilities.
 This includes using semantic markup, providing alternative text for images and videos,
 and making sure your web pages are navigable using a keyboard.

There are some assistive devices that play a major role in providing accessibility.

1. Screen Reader: A screen reader is software that reads out loud the content of a 
 web page to individuals who are visually impaired. It can also interpret and 
 communicate information about graphics, multimedia, and other elements on the page.

2. Voice recognition software: Voice recognition software enables users to navigate
   web pages and input text using voice commands. This technology is particularly 
   useful for individuals with mobility impairments or those who have difficulty 
   using a keyboard or mouse.

3. Keyboard alternatives: Keyboard alternatives such as sip-and-puff devices, 
   head-tracking devices, and eye-tracking devices allow individuals with physical 
   disabilities to navigate and interact with web page without the use of a 
   traditional keyboard or mouse.

Use accessibility
 There are many reasons why you should use accessibility. Here are some of the 
 important points:

1. To identify accessibility issues: - It can help you to identity accessibility 
   issues in your website or web application before users with disabilities encounter
   them.

2. To meet accessibility standards - it can help you to ensure that our website or 
   web application meets accessibility standards.

3- To Improve usability - Accessibility automated testing software tools can help us
    to improve the usability of your website or web application for everyone, not just
   users with disabilities, as a result, it can help you to increase user satisfaction 
   and engagement.

Best practices to follow for accessibility:
Understanding Accessibility Guidelines and famillarisation of Web Content Accessibility
  Guidelines (WCAG),
that provide the international standard for web accessibility, Understanding the different
 levels of standard rules and the principles, guidelines, and success criteria outlined 
 in the guidelines of best practices to follow for accessibility.
